add_exhibit bird_exhibit 1 
add_animal perrot bird_exhibit
add_animal eagle bird_exhibit
add_exhibit fish_exhibit 1 
add_animal goldfish fish_exhibit
add_animal shark fish_exhibit
add_exhibit cat_exhibition 
assign_exhibit cat_exhibition 1
add_animal lion cat_exhibition
add_animal puma cat_exhibition
add_animal cat cat_exhibition
add_animal jaguar cat_exhibition
add_animal tiger cat_exhibition
add_animal lynx cat_exhibition
unassign_exhibit fish_exhibit 1
rename_exhibit fish_exhibit cute_fish_exhibit
assign_exhibit cute_fish_exhibit 2
move_exhibit cute_fish_exhibit 2 6
add_exhibit china 5
add_animal panda china
delete_exhibit bird_exhibit 1
report_zoo
save_zoo
load_zoo wrong_zoo
load_zoo new_zoo